[WIP] Some minor changes to HDFS and to docs about globs (#6876)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/table_engines/hdfs.md

    - Indexes.
    - Replication.

> **Globs in path**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Globs in Path
```

> Multiple path components can have globs. For being processed file should exists and matches to the whole path pattern. Listing of files determines during `SELECT` (not at `CREATE` moment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple path components can have globs. File should exist and match the whole path pattern to be processed. List of available files is determined during each `SELECT` (not at the moment of `CREATE TABLE`).
```

- `*` — Substitutes any number of any characters including none.

> - `?` — Substitutes any single character.

Reviewer: would be useful to mention if it supports unicode or it's only ascii characters

> - `{some_string,another_string,yet_another_one}` — Substitutes any of strings `'some_string', 'another_string', 'yet_another_one'` (similar to the remote table function).

Reviewer: remote table function -> link to it's docs

> - `{N..M}` — Substitutes any number in range from N to M including both borders (similar to the [remote table function]()).

Reviewer: missing link

**Example**

> 1. Suppose that we have several files in TSV format with following URIs on HDFS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Suppose we have several files in TSV format with the following URIs on HDFS:
```

- 'hdfs://hdfs1:9000/some_dir/some_file_1'
- 'hdfs://hdfs1:9000/some_dir/some_file_2'
- 'hdfs://hdfs1:9000/some_dir/some_file_3'
- 'hdfs://hdfs1:9000/another_dir/some_file_1'
- 'hdfs://hdfs1:9000/another_dir/some_file_2'
- 'hdfs://hdfs1:9000/another_dir/some_file_3'

> 2. There are several ways to make table consists of all six files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. There are several ways to make a table consisting of all six files:
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE table_with_range (name String, value UInt32) ENGINE = HDFS('hdfs://hdfs1:9000/{some,another}_dir/some_file_{1..3}', 'TSV')
```

Another way:

```sql
CREATE TABLE table_with_question_mark (name String, value UInt32) ENGINE = HDFS('hdfs://hdfs1:9000/{some,another}_dir/some_file_?', 'TSV')
```

> Table consists of all the files in both directories (all files should satisfy format and schema described in query):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table consisting of all the files in both directories (all files should satisfy format and schema described in query):
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE table_with_asterisk (name String, value UInt32) ENGINE = HDFS('hdfs://hdfs1:9000/{some,another}_dir/*', 'TSV')
```

> !!! warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Warning"
```

    If the listing of files contains number ranges with leading zeros, use the construction with braces for each digit separately or use `?`.

> **Example**

Reviewer: we should probably ident this, so example will be inside the "warning" block, not after it (not sure though)

Author: I think there is no matter to be inside or after "warning" block

Create table with files named `file000`, `file001`, ... , `file999`:

```sql

> CREARE TABLE big_table (name String, value UInt32) ENGINE = HDFS('hdfs://hdfs1:9000/big_dir/file{0..9}{0..9}{0..9}', 'CSV')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CREARE TABLE big_table (name String, value UInt32)
ENGINE = HDFS('hdfs://hdfs1:9000/big_dir/file{0..9}{0..9}{0..9}', 'CSV')
```

I'd add line break before `ENGINE =` instead of after in previous examples as well.
